the regional computer group tolima
we are going to show you a video tutorial
on the process side
for land
the materials that we are going to use
and the copper rod
in the cable
a three-legged jack
we have the hydrogel that we are going to use
in his replacement accompany
ah
introducing the rod
You can have hollow rod
we put a layer of sand
like the box come pieces very
very big progress we proceed with a
crush it
now we proceed to apply a layer of
natural coal
Now we must apply a layer of salt
Marine
and now we apply a layer
now to finish the first stage
we cover with a layer of earth
and we clarify
now we proceed to take the second layer
of materials
now the salt
and finally
already to finish we cover the rod with
all the land
ah
i
we passed here is of special care
in the hole with all the materials and
all the layers needed to perform
the pole we proceed to use the terminal
copper when we put in the tip
of the rod on the protruding tip and the
cable that is the one that transmits the
Energy
to our taking to the land we proceed to
place it
after having adjusted the cable with
the color clamp we proceed to
send the cable to the socket
as to make sure there is a
correct city without oxidation add
water with sea salt
we proceed to the outlet and the
first game
as we can observe this shot is not the
the right one for the power to with the
land then we proceed to put
this is an ideal return to the earth
before removing the bass from the socket
observe what is the neutral
in these shots the neutral is always the
of the widest leg and the phase is of the
smaller foot so it connects
here
the neutral cable and here phase iii in
this screw and tovar for the earth
now we proceed to connect the cable by
the earth to the taking
this is the final presentation is like
must be installed by the earth
this is the correct way in which we
indicates that the correct one is correct
installation of the two digits be
off only half have
sense
we finished this video
tutorial I hope it was your
I thank you very much